at the beginning of the surf there was no localism
in florianópolis it 's ee we surfers
hence
we had a great pleasure it 's a great
pride in spreading the word in saying
that gives high waves and that was too much and
this is so far that there has been a
great change is that it was not an hour
for the other but over the years the
migration and immigration and the difficulty
with traffic craud in water
all this was changing the way of surfing
stage is for sure the surfer he is
territorialist then what can be
call localism is not an attempt
to preserve the quality of surfing in
certain place to a quality
amazing when we talk about
localism understood we will never go
be unanimous in this matter
it is good to make clear that localism is
controversial yes
Can not you tell that it's bad, does not it?
To say it's good we have a couple of
or three pieces in floripa that have a
big problem so didi localism né
that joaquina beach I think the
champion fc and a little with
are beaches where there are many surfers who
are from floripa that grew here that
were created here who have learned to
surfing I rather believe that
people must respect and respect the
places like I live here in the bar and
I think people who come to surf
here you have to respect people who have already
they are what already live here right now and some
friends have several friends here from here.
talk until you play with me until raul and
30 years here
for some to call the right to hound
that surfer who is not from the place
when the localism he emerged
for a time as this place is mine
You can not be here so this is
extremely harmful because in the
truth there is nothing more beautiful than
To be human is to receive well and to be well.
Received
stayed out of the sofia a person when
come from outside to come into your house
anywhere there she has to show
some respect can not come
doing what you want
after entering the house of the other already sit
on the couch take control of the tv and start
to choose the channels right
It's the guy that comes to the beach that is not his.
enter the sea and wanted to choose the waves
and pass in front of everyone that your
Real face plug ends up being all
half selfish, right?
If you want to catch a light wave, do not
to share the session with a friend and
such concentrates but only one at sea
classic the majority of the galera wants
quality account
Is everyone dying of hunger? I'm
always please common sense
this character with common sense and with a
good intention the localism is fine
coming because it makes the person out
enter the local rhythm of preservation
from that location
This does not mean that it will arrive.
here you will not get where I am against
that aggressive localism of
pounding
I think this leads to nothing but a
some respect for those who are from the
who was created here who lived here
I think it's necessary for us to
behavior is able to perceive the
person who takes a wave behind the
one that always will peak then
people realize that it's local like that
The Brazilian did not get very used to it.
with that thing of respecting the
turnover
You got a wave that's worth the other one.
take here in Brazil as the wave of the deal
here without rhyme here rhyme pro and the person
do not know exactly where in the queue
this would be conflict
I do not know what determines a person
think she can surf another cattle
more than the other is the time she
lives in that place and for how long has she
take that place is how many times she
goes a week or is simply a
a crying question so I've already been
used on beaches that
was my darling right for example the thing
This is how the guy stands out.
in peak they excel with
his aggression not in the wave of
in a ninth maneuver but because
He goes to the gym and is the ninth of this.
so there is the technique of
Turn it off and he's the guy who's going to get it.
better wave because he can not
That's when I ended up talking like this.
Stay for you, stay close.
I think it's another example of this.
excessive individualism of the
surfer any guy who knows that
It has a good elsewhere and will
other places preaching on the good he leaves
of being extremely localistic in the peak
this is something that is there between
drought in person exists in localism
fisherman exists localism in neighborhoods
It exists in the surf too.
ah